Guides.md, before:

**[`<-        back to home        `](README.md)**
# AC Guides
A collection of guides that will help you get started with Assetto Corsa.  
If you have any problems with any of these guides, please contact me on Discord at `atlas7005`.

## Table of Contents
- [Shutoko Revival Project](#shutoko-revival-project)
  - [Required Downloads](#required-downloads)
  - [Installation](#installation)

## Shutoko Revival Project
[Shutoko Revival Project](https://discord.gg/shutokorevivalproject) is a community dedicated to the recreation of the [Shuto Expressway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuto_Expressway) in Assetto Corsa. They have a bunch of official servers that you can join and drive on. You can find the download links for the track and car pack below.
### Required Downloads
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-guides)**
- [Content Manager](https://github.com/gro-ove/actools/releases/latest/download/Content.Manager.zip)
- [Latest Custom Shaders Patch](https://acstuff.ru/patch/)
- [Sol](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/sol.24914/) or [Pure](https://www.patreon.com/peterboese)
- [Assetto Corsa Japanese Pack DLC](https://store.steampowered.com/app/467980/Assetto_corsa__Japanese_Pack/)
- [Shutoko Revival Project Track](https://mega.nz/file/siIBBKzY#NLQoj4EKpC4atf8KDJ_KEl3uSnHWpQlR5fOb6vbc9k4)
- [Shutoko Revival Project Car Pack](https://files.shutokorevivalproject.com/SRP_Car_Pack_3.2+Traffic_Cars_1.21.7z)

### Installation
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-guides)**
1. Install Content Manager
2. Install Custom Shaders Patch (can be done in Content Manager by going to Settings > Custom Shaders Patch > About & Updates)
3. Install Sol or Pure (instructions for them both are in their respective download files)
4. Download the track and put the `content` folder in your Assetto Corsa folder (usually `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\assettocorsa`)
5. Download the car pack and put the `content` folder in your Assetto Corsa folder (usually `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\assettocorsa`)

Done! You can now launch Assetto Corsa in Content Manager and join the SRP servers.

Commit message:

[Guides] Added No Hesi Guide.

Guides.md, after:

**[`<-        back to home        `](README.md)**
# AC Guides
A collection of guides that will help you get started with Assetto Corsa.  
If you have any problems with any of these guides, please contact me on Discord at `atlas7005`.

## Table of Contents
- [Shutoko Revival Project](#shutoko-revival-project)
  - [Required Downloads](#required-downloads)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [No Hesi](#no-hesi)
  - [Required Downloads](#required-downloads-1)
  - [Installation](#installation-1)

## Shutoko Revival Project
[Shutoko Revival Project](https://discord.gg/shutokorevivalproject) is a community dedicated to the recreation of the [Shuto Expressway](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shuto_Expressway) in Assetto Corsa. They have a bunch of official servers that you can join and drive on. You can find the download links for the track and car pack below.
### Required Downloads
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-guides)**
- [Content Manager](https://github.com/gro-ove/actools/releases/latest/download/Content.Manager.zip)
- [Latest Custom Shaders Patch](https://acstuff.ru/patch/)
- [Sol](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/sol.24914/) or [Pure](https://www.patreon.com/peterboese)
- [Assetto Corsa Japanese Pack DLC](https://store.steampowered.com/app/467980/Assetto_corsa__Japanese_Pack/)
- [Shutoko Revival Project Track](https://mega.nz/file/siIBBKzY#NLQoj4EKpC4atf8KDJ_KEl3uSnHWpQlR5fOb6vbc9k4)
- [Shutoko Revival Project Car Pack](https://files.shutokorevivalproject.com/SRP_Car_Pack_3.2+Traffic_Cars_1.21.7z)

### Installation
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-guides)**
1. Install Content Manager
2. Install Custom Shaders Patch (can be done in Content Manager by going to Settings > Custom Shaders Patch > About & Updates)
3. Install Sol or Pure (instructions for them both are in their respective download files)
4. Download the track and put the `content` folder in your Assetto Corsa folder (usually `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\assettocorsa`)
5. Download the car pack and put the `content` folder in your Assetto Corsa folder (usually `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\assettocorsa`)

Done! You can now launch Assetto Corsa in Content Manager and join the SRP servers.

## No Hesi
[No Hesi](https://discord.gg/nohesitation) is a community for people who like to drive fast between cars in dense traffic on Japanese highways. They have a bunch of official servers that you can join and drive on. You can find the download links for the track and car pack below.
### Required Downloads
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-guides)**
- [Content Manager](https://github.com/gro-ove/actools/releases/latest/download/Content.Manager.zip)
- [Latest Custom Shaders Patch](https://acstuff.ru/patch/)
- [Sol](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/sol.24914/) or [Pure](https://www.patreon.com/peterboese)
- [All 11 DLCs (Ultimate Edition)](https://www.kinguin.net/category/49711/assetto-corsa-ultimate-edition-steam-cd-key) - Use code `AKS12`
- [Shutoko Revival Project Track](https://mega.nz/file/siIBBKzY#NLQoj4EKpC4atf8KDJ_KEl3uSnHWpQlR5fOb6vbc9k4)
- [No Hesi Car Pack](https://gofile.io/d/ikRT8A)

### Installation
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-guides)**
1. Install Content Manager
2. Install Custom Shaders Patch (can be done in Content Manager by going to Settings > Custom Shaders Patch > About & Updates)
3. Install Sol or Pure (instructions for them both are in their respective download files)
4. Download the track and put the `content` folder in your Assetto Corsa folder (usually `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\assettocorsa`)
5. Download the car pack and put the `content` folder in your Assetto Corsa folder (usually `C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\assettocorsa`)

Done! You can now launch Assetto Corsa in Content Manager and join the No Hesi servers.
