Misc.md, before:

**[`<-        back to home        `](README.md)**
# AC Misc Mods
Here's a bunch of interesting Assetto Corsa misc mods that I've found over the years. I'll try to keep this updated as I find more stuff.

## Misc Mods
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-misc-mods)**
### Must Have
- [AC Custom Shaders Patch](https://acstuff.ru/patch/) - A patch that adds a bunch of new features to AC, including new shaders, tire model, and more.
- [AC Content Manager](https://assettocorsa.club/content-manager.html) - A launcher for AC that adds a bunch of new features, including a new UI, custom car previews, and more.
### Chase Camera
- [BACC - Forza Horizon (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-forza-horizon-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.49738/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Forza Horizon.
- [BACC - Need For Speed (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-need-for-speed-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.49841/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Need For Speed.
- [BACC - Unbound (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-unbound-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.57812/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Need For Speed: Unbound.
- [BACC - Gran Turismo (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-gran-turismo-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.49548/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Gran Turismo.
### Post-Processing Filters (PPFilters)
- [Realism Redux Pure Filter](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/realism-redux-pure-filter.59215/)
- [C13 AEGIS Post Processing Filter](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/c13-aegis-post-processing-filter.59979/)

Commit message:

Back to top buttons added

Misc.md, after:

**[`<-        back to home        `](README.md)**
# AC Misc Mods
Here's a bunch of interesting Assetto Corsa misc mods that I've found over the years. I'll try to keep this updated as I find more stuff.

## Misc Mods
### Must Have
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-misc-mods)**
- [AC Custom Shaders Patch](https://acstuff.ru/patch/) - A patch that adds a bunch of new features to AC, including new shaders, tire model, and more.
- [AC Content Manager](https://assettocorsa.club/content-manager.html) - A launcher for AC that adds a bunch of new features, including a new UI, custom car previews, and more.
### Chase Camera
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-misc-mods)**
- [BACC - Forza Horizon (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-forza-horizon-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.49738/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Forza Horizon.
- [BACC - Need For Speed (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-need-for-speed-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.49841/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Need For Speed.
- [BACC - Unbound (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-unbound-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.57812/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Need For Speed: Unbound.
- [BACC - Gran Turismo (Better Arcade Chaser Camera)](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/bacc-gran-turismo-better-arcade-chaser-camera-for-csp.49548/) - A custom chase camera that's similar to the one in Gran Turismo.
### Post-Processing Filters (PPFilters)
**[`^        back to top        ^`](#ac-misc-mods)**
- [Realism Redux Pure Filter](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/realism-redux-pure-filter.59215/)
- [C13 AEGIS Post Processing Filter](https://www.racedepartment.com/downloads/c13-aegis-post-processing-filter.59979/)
